Implement Gitea to hold otomi-values (#358)
redkubes/otomi-core: README.md

- **Input/output validation**: Configuration and output manifests are checked statically for validity and best practices.
- **Policy enforcement**: Manifests are checked both statically and on the cluster at runtime for obedience to OPA policies.
- **Automatic Vulnerability Scanning**: All configured team service containers get scanned in Harbor.

> - **Git store**: Store the values on the cluster, or store them elsewhere.

Reviewer: This is not very meaningful like this. I would remove this line.

otomi deploy
```

> If the values repo does not have a remote defined yet, then the deployment will store the values repo in Gitea on the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the values git repository does not have a remote defined yet, then otomi sets git remote origin to URL of Gitea that is deployed to the Kubernetes cluster.
```

> If the values git repository does not have a remote defined yet, then otomi sets git remote origin to URL of Gitea that is deployed to the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: This one line confuses me without context. Please be aware that this README is for devs. It does not concern information about functionality.

The question is: in relation to your solution, what do you need to tell devs in order to start coding in this repo?

Reviewer: I am just asking this openly, and don't have an idea yet about this...hope you do. Otherwise we can just skip adding to the readme entirely...

Author: Maybe something like:

### 4. Modifying otomi values.

If you are using the default values that are generated by running `otomi bootstrap` then these values are automatically synchronised with the supplied Gitea git server.

These values can be accessed through your `ENV_DIR` folder, and modifications can be committed to the supplied gitea remote.

If you have your own git hosting solution to store otomi-values in, then these will not be synchronised with Gitea.

Reviewer: Point is, this README is ONLY for dev instructions, and any functionality should go to otomi.io

Reviewer: Let's just leave it all out here
